Alex Macintosh
http://america.iegmc.net/mts/am-v5.rar

Bag Bonus
http://downloads.spellholdstudios.net/BagBonus_v1.0.4.zip

Baldurs Gate 2 Shadows of Amn Item 
http://america.iegmc.net/kh_mods/BG2SoA_v3.rar

Blood Of The Martyr
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/142-blood-of-the-martyr/

Bolsa
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=772

Boards of Magick Item Pack
https://sorcerers.net/community/resources/boards-o-magick-item-pack.85/download?version=93

Brendan Bellina Ammunition Belts
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=core&module=attach&section=attach&attach_id=27381

Brendan Bellina Book Bags
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=core&module=attach&section=attach&attach_id=27377

Brendan Bellina Crossbow Bolt Quivers
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=core&module=attach&section=attach&attach_id=27379

Brendan Bellina Potion Cases
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=core&module=attach&section=attach&attach_id=27378

Brendan Bellina Quivers
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=core&module=attach&section=attach&attach_id=27380

Brendan Bellina Scimitar of the Arch-Druid
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=core&module=attach&section=attach&attach_id=27382

Brendan Bellina Scroll Cases
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=core&module=attach&section=attach&attach_id=27383

Cespenar Audio
http://weidu.org/CespyAudioV1.zip

Charli
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=771

Darron
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=842

Daulmakan’s Item Pack
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/824-item-pack-v18/

Dragon Summon
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=799

Enhanced BG2
http://arcanecoast.ru/download/Enhanced_BG2_v1.1.zip

Exnem Vault
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/93-sir-billybobs-revisions-exnem-items-minimod/

Foodmod
http://downloads.chosenofmystra.net/bg2/Foodmod_v103.7z

Freedom's Reign / Reign of Virtue
http://downloads.chosenofmystra.net/bg2/FreedomsReign_ROV_V8.rar

Genwas Haendlermod (Djinmod)
https://www.baldurs-gate.de/index.php?resources/genwas-h%C3%A4ndlermod-bg2.55/download

Haer'Dalis' Swords
http://www.shsforums.net/files/getdownload/12101-improved-haerdalis-swords/

Heart Of The Wood
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=134

Herbs and Potions BG2
http://dragonshoard.blackwyrmlair.net/bwl_mods_download.php?mod=4&bws=1

Houyi
https://www.baldursgateworld.fr/download/file.php?id=10407&sid=67fca1ac5e68565cbc7db8aea634b471

igi's Item Mod
http://igidata.com/files/ie/mods/iiItem/iiItem(05)b.zip

Improved Horns of Valhalla
https://www.gibberlings3.net/files/file/903-improved-horns-of-valhalla/?do=download&r=3468

Jamella's Diablo2 Item Store for BG2TOB
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/744-jamellas-diablo2-item-store-v13-for-bg2/

Jan's Alchemy
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=801

Killing Wolf
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=136

Konalan's Tweaks
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=706

LavaIt!
http://downloads.weaselmods.net/download/lavait/?wpdmdl=143&refresh=5dd8445bb29c61574454363

Made in Heaven - Item Pack
https://github.com/AngelGryph/MadeInHeaven_ItemPack/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

Mersetek
http://www.baldursgateworld.fr/filesmods/ModsBG/Mersetek-v1.3.1.zip

Mhoram
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=769

Munchmod
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=128

Mystigan
https://akadis.baldursgateworld.fr/Mystigan/zip/Mystigan1.62.zip

Nanstein
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=770

OldModsPack
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=803

Portable Hole
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=693

Realm of the Bhaalspawn Armor Set
http://america.iegmc.net/insomniator/Realm%20of%20the%20Bhaalspawn%20Armor%20Set%20v1.0.zip

Recargador
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=847

Revised Forgotten Wars Item Pack
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=core&module=attach&section=attach&attach_id=30367

Ribald's Genie
http://dragonshoard.blackwyrmlair.net/download/RGenie/Ribalds%20Genie%20V2.7.exe

RItemPack
http://www.baldursgateworld.fr/filesmods/ModsBGtraduits/RItemPackV2.exe

Rolles
https://github.com/SpellholdStudios/Rolles/archive/refs/heads/master.zip

RTT Item Pack
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=50

Ruad Ro'fessa Item Upgrade
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=790

Rupert the Dye Merchant
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=153

Sigil's Birthday Mod
http://files.sigil.cz/mods/birthdaymod.rar

Sir Renal
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=854

Sorcerer's Place Item Collection
http://america.iegmc.net/rpgdungeon/spitems.exe

Stuff of the Magi
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/643-stuff-of-the-magi-v4-weidu/

TeamBG BG2EE Armor Pack
http://downloads.chosenofmystra.net/bg2/BG2eeAR102.rar

TeamBG BG2EE Weapon Pack
http://downloads.chosenofmystra.net/bg2/BG2EEWv101.rar

The Magnificient Magic Shop
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/809-magnificient-magic-shop/

The Music of the Realms
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=850

The Unusual Oddities Shop - AbyStore
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/1264-the-unusual-oddities-shop/

Trovador REO
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=853

Underrepresented Items
https://github.com/Pocket-Plane-Group/Under-Respresented_Items/archive/refs/heads/master.zip

Unholy Gate Opening Ritual Book
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=140

Upgradable Dak'kon's Blade
https://us.v-cdn.net/5019558/uploads/FileUpload/e9/036111ebc68d2a7a81d91441d2c799.7z

Vendedor DLAN
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=768

Weimer's Item Upgrade
https://github.com/Pocket-Plane-Group/Item_Upgrade/archive/refs/heads/master.zip

YLItems
http://america.iegmc.net/insomniator/YLItems%20pack.zip