Baldurs Gate Trilogy most recent version
https://github.com/SpellholdStudios/BGT-WeiDU/archive/master.zip

Baldurs Gate Trilogy v1.21
https://github.com/SpellholdStudios/BGT-WeiDU/releases/download/v1.21/bgt-v1.21.zip

BG2 Fixpack
https://www.gibberlings3.net/files/file/696-bg2-fixpack/?do=download&r=4530&confirm=1%20-O%20bg2fixpack.exe

BP-BGT-Worldmap
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/308-bp-bgt-worldmap/

BP-BGT Worldmap - French add-on 
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=917

BP-BGT Worldmap - German add-on 
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=918

BP-BGT Worldmap - Italian add-on 
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=919

BP-BGT Worldmap - Polish add-on
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=920

BP-BGT Worldmap - Russian add-on 
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=977

BP-BGT Worldmap - Spanish add-on 
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=921

Generalized Biffing
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/741-generalized-biffing/

Jondalar Fix for BGT
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=934

Platform Conversion Utility
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/507-utility-platform-conversion-utility-rc2/

Restored Textscreen Music Core
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/74-restored-textscreen-music-core-installation-package-9/

Restored Textscreen Music - Castilian Language Pack
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=496

Restored Textscreen Music - English Language Pack 
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=494

Restored Textscreen Music - French Language Pack 
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=497

Restored Textscreen Music - German Language Pack 
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=495

Restored Textscreen Music - Polish Language Pack
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/1054-restored-textscreen-music-polish-language-pack/

ToBEx (Throne of Bhaal Extender)
https://github.com/BGforgeNet/TobEx/releases/download/v28/tobex_v28.zip


Textpatches

French: BG1 Patch correctif
http://www.baldursgateworld.fr/filesmods/ModsBG/correcfrBG1v1.1.zip

French: BG2 Patch correctif
http://www.baldursgateworld.fr/filesmods/ModsBG/correcfrbg2v1.4.zip

German: MKs BG1 Textpatch Revised
http://baldurs-gate.de/download_latest_version.php?id=15

German: MKs BG2 Textpatch Revised
http://baldurs-gate.de/download_latest_version.php?id=16

German: BGT NPC Sound
http://www.shsforums.net/index.php?app=downloads&module=display&section=download&do=confirm_download&id=561

Russian: BG1 Translation
https://arcanecoast.ru/download/bg1textpack.rar

Spanish: Traducción mejorada BG2
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/775-traduccion-mejorada-bg2-y-tob/

Spanish: Traducción mejorada BG1 y TOTSC
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/774-traduccion-mejorada-bg1-y-totsc/

Spanish: BG + TOTSC - Sonidos en castellano
http://www.shsforums.net/files/download/787-bg-totsc-sonidos-en-castellano/